---
layout: post
title:  571 Oxford Road Gallery, OHOS
category: news
date:   2024-11-01
image:  /artwork/Turina Djakuju-2.jpg
image-text: Stas Turina (2023)
---
# EXHIBITION OF WORKS BY STAS TURINA FROM THE SERIES "THANK YOU": 1 NOVEMBER - 1 DECEMBER AT 571 OXFORD ROAD GALLERY, OHOS, READING
Twenty-two drawings and watercolours by Turina are displayed in the gallery alongside a collection of smaller sketches.

One of the most pertinent features of the series is the repetition of the phrase “Thank you” in Ukrainian, often of a similar character and as a negative of colour blocks that vaguely mimic the colour pallets of corporate logos. The works appear as faint impressions of familiar graphic forms, imprinted with the artist’s message.

Across the series, Turina’s use of watercolours and his ‘raw’, unfinished way of drawing qualifies his message with a degree vulnerability and immediacy. The artist plays on the ways in which forms of communication interact with the relationship between the givers and recipients of solidarity.

The artist’s collection of sketches on paper is marked by his extensive use of white-space and small, finely detailed drawings, providing a conceptual understanding of works selected for the exhibition.

Stas Turina was born in 1988 in Makiivka, Ukraine and currently lives and works in Kyiv, Ukraine. He is a graduate of the Lviv National Academy of Arts, and in 2019, he received the scholarship of the Gaude Polonia Program in Lublin. Since 2018, he has been working as a curator for ateliernormalno, a studio for artists with and without Down Syndrome.

Organised by: Artists for Ukraine <a href="https://www.fievsevenone.org">here</a>.

### Dates

1 November - 1 December, 2024

### Opening Times

Friday to Sunday, 12am - 5pm


### Address:

571 Oxford Road
Reading
United Kingdom
